The Trialmaster: …and my service continues. Chaos laughs, mortal, and fortune is yours.
The Trialmaster: A choice of futures, as before. The next challenge will be even more difficult.
The Trialmaster: A favourable result. Now you face another choice: further
The Trialmaster: A hateful grip will steal your breath.
The Trialmaster: A prism of pain.
The Trialmaster: A sea of fire crashes upon your shores.
The Trialmaster: A second victory
The Trialmaster: A wall arises between you and victory.
The Trialmaster: Ah, a classic! But far fairer now than in ancient times.
The Trialmaster: An arrow falls, and I know where.
The Trialmaster: An unstoppable tide.
The Trialmaster: Avoid the miasma, if you can.
The Trialmaster: Be diminished.
The Trialmaster: Be torn to shreds.
The Trialmaster: Choking vapours seek the living.
The Trialmaster: Contamination moves swiftly on the wind.
The Trialmaster: Cut straight to the heart of the matter.
The Trialmaster: Death's cold grip is inescapable.
The Trialmaster: Dance neither near nor far.
The Trialmaster: Do you wish to keep your fortunes, or continue in pursuit of greater riches?
The Trialmaster: Faith and intellect burn alike.
The Trialmaster: Fight the slowing of your own heart.
The Trialmaster: Fire always spreads.
The Trialmaster: Fire seeks what it will.
The Trialmaster: Flames beget more flames.
The Trialmaster: For now, the victor remains the victor
The Trialmaster: Hahahahaha luck is over, fool
The Trialmaster: Hate begets hate.
The Trialmaster: I should have become a priest of Yaomac instead...
The Trialmaster: It was not to be.
The Trialmaster: Lightning always strikes twice.
The Trialmaster: Lightning descends.
The Trialmaster: Lightning gives little warning.
The Trialmaster: Lightning lurks within you.
The Trialmaster: Miasma spreads.
The Trialmaster: Mystic pain will bring ruin.
The Trialmaster: No rest for the wicked.
The Trialmaster: Rare is the breath of living air.
The Trialmaster: Relentless assault.
The Trialmaster: Ruin arrives suddenly.
The Trialmaster: Ruin seeks you.
The Trialmaster: Shrapnel and shards abound.
The Trialmaster: Slay them amongst the flames.
The Trialmaster: So be it, as disappointing as it is.
The Trialmaster: Steel and pain.
The Trialmaster: Stray too far and find pain.
The Trialmaster: That makes two in a row!
The Trialmaster: The bane of mystics and scholars.
The Trialmaster: The dance of death is swift and turbid.
The Trialmaster: The fire of summer burns within.
The Trialmaster: The flames bite upon your heels.
The Trialmaster: The flames race toward you.
The Trialmaster: The future holds further challenges. Count on it.
The Trialmaster: The riddle of steel has no answer.
The Trialmaster: The safe choice.
The Trialmaster: Steel and pain.
The Trialmaster: The storm approaches.
The Trialmaster: The storm comes swiftly.
The Trialmaster: The sun is setting on your success.
The Trialmaster: The tide of death is rapid.
The Trialmaster: The vapours are inescapable.
The Trialmaster: The wind conspires with the flames.
The Trialmaster: Thunder and lightning abound.
The Trialmaster: Time is your enemy.
The Trialmaster: Time to end this
The Trialmaster: Try your luck again soon, challenger.
The Trialmaster: To lose twice in a row... how unfortunate. 
The Trialmaster: To shreds.
The Trialmaster: Ultimatum
The Trialmaster: Vengeance is cold indeed.
The Trialmaster: Victory requires a keen eye.
The Trialmaster: You have redeemed yourself.
The Trialmaster: You have restored your pride.
The Trialmaster: You only made it six rounds last time. Why do you bother?
The Trialmaster: You play the game well, Challenger. Enjoy the fruits of your luck, and your skill. We shall meet again.
The Trialmaster: You shall suffer your own bile.
The Trialmaster: You will fall to ruin.
The Trialmaster: You win… again.
The Trialmaster: Your arteries constrict.
The Trialmaster: Your doom is dark and roiling.
The Trialmaster: Your enemies hasten.
The Trialmaster: Your opponents bring night's madness.
The Trialmaster: Your path to greatness has taken a hard turn toward a cliff.
The Trialmaster: Your reach exceeds your grasp.
The Trialmaster: Your series of victories continues.
The Trialmaster: Your series of victories has come to an end.
The Trialmaster: Your thoughts crackle with pain.