The Trialmaster: Your series of victories will end here
The Trialmaster: Will you wash clean the marks of failure?
The Trialmaster: Will this be a second loss in a row?
The Trialmaster: Prove your last victory was not mere chance
The Trialmaster: One loss is nothing to be ashamed of
The Trialmaster: The one-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The two-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The three-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The four-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The five-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The six-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The seven-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The eight-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: The nine-round challenger returns…
The Trialmaster: I hope you have enjoyed your brief string of victories
The Trialmaster: One loss is nothing to be ashamed of
The Trialmaster: Can you be victorious twice in a row?
The Trialmaster: This trial will see your downfall.
The Trialmaster: Your victories will not continue. 
The Trialmaster: Approach, Challenger.
The Trialmaster: Be not ashamed at your meagre record.
The Trialmaster: Bloodthirsty princes surround you, hungry for the throne.
The Trialmaster: Chaos would like to see you make it past round
The Trialmaster: Come to lose again?
The Trialmaster: Does it sting to have gotten so close last time?
The Trialmaster: I doubt you'll make it to seven rounds again.
The Trialmaster: I sincerely hope you intend to last longer than two rounds.
The Trialmaster: Is your ego bruised?
The Trialmaster: Now is your chance to claim back victory.
The Trialmaster: Only made it to round five last time. Back for more?
The Trialmaster: Your pride demands restoration
The Trialmaster: Try to do better than three rounds this time.
The Trialmaster: Yes, come lose another trial. Productive.
The Trialmaster: This time you will finally lose.
The Trialmaster: Try to do better than three rounds this time.
The Trialmaster: No glory in only making it four rounds.
The Trialmaster: Four rounds should be an easy mark to beat.
The Trialmaster: You won. Once. Do not get ahead of yourself.
The Trialmaster: Eight rounds was... respectable.
The Trialmaster: The five-round challenger returns...
The Trialmaster: Oh, it's the five-round challenger.
The Trialmaster: Six rounds? Try to make it to the end this time.
The Trialmaster: Chaos would like to see you make it past round seven...
The Trialmaster: You've been winning, but can you keep it up?
The Trialmaster: Corruption starts in the blood.
The Trialmaster: I'm being punished, aren't I?